feature(connector_sdk): Adding example for redshift using UNLOAD (#499)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: connectors/redshift/using_unload/README.md

7. Cleanup: Deletes all temporary S3 files after successful sync

## Error handling
The connector includes robust error handling mechanisms to manage potential issues during data extraction and processing. Key strategies include:
- Connection Errors: Retries Redshift and S3 connections with exponential backoff
- UNLOAD Failures: Catches and logs UNLOAD command errors, aborting sync if necessary
- S3 Read Errors: Handles S3 read failures and retries as needed

## Tables created
The connector creates tables in the destination based on the source schema. Table names and structures are derived from the Redshift schema specified in the `configuration.json` file. The connector creates a table for each table found in the specified Redshift schema with the name format `<schema_name>.<table_name>`.

The connector automatically detects the schema of each table and creates corresponding tables in the destination with appropriate data types. If automatic schema detection is disabled, the connector uses the schema defined in the `table_spec.py` file.

## Additional files
The connector includes the following additional files:

> - `table_spec.py` - This file defines the schema for each table in the Redshift database. It is used when automatic schema detection is disabled. You can customize this file to specify the exact schema for each table, including column names and data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `table_spec.py` - This file defines the schema for each table in the Redshift database. The connector uses it when automatic schema detection is disabled. You can customize this file to specify the exact schema for each table, including column names and data types.
```

The connector also requires an IAM role for Redshift to write `UNLOAD` output to S3, as well as AWS credentials for the connector to read and delete files from S3.

## Pagination
The connector handles large datasets by leveraging Redshift's `UNLOAD` command to export data in Parquet format to `S3`. This approach allows efficient handling of large tables without the need for traditional pagination. The connector reads the Parquet files from `S3` in a memory-efficient manner using PyArrow's `S3FileSystem`, streaming data row-group by row-group.

## Data handling

The connector uses the following workflow:

1. Schema Discovery: Connects to Redshift and discovers tables and columns (or uses predefined `TABLE_SPECS`)
2. Table Plan Building: Builds sync plans for each table including primary keys, replication strategy, and column selection
3. UNLOAD Execution: For each table, executes UNLOAD command to export data to S3 as Parquet files
4. S3 Reading: Reads Parquet files from S3 using PyArrow S3FileSystem for memory-efficient streaming
5. Data Sync: Upserts records using the connector SDK
6. Checkpointing: Periodically saves sync progress (every `CHECKPOINT_EVERY_ROWS` rows)

> 7. Cleanup: Deletes all temporary S3 files after successful sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Schema discovery: Connects to Redshift and discovers tables and columns (or uses predefined `TABLE_SPECS`)
2. Table plan building: Builds sync plans for each table including primary keys, replication strategy, and column selection
3. `UNLOAD` execution: For each table, executes UNLOAD command to export data to S3 as Parquet files
4. S3 reading: Reads Parquet files from S3 using PyArrow S3FileSystem for memory-efficient streaming
5. Data sync: Upserts records using the connector SDK
6. Checkpointing: Periodically saves sync progress (every `CHECKPOINT_EVERY_ROWS` rows)
7. Cleanup: Deletes all temporary S3 files after successful sync
```
